Adding resize_keyboard and one_time_keyboard attributes in component "telegram bot" (#23674)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/telegram_bot.markdown

| `parse_mode`              |      yes | Parser for the message text: `markdownv2`, `html` or `markdown`. |
| `disable_notification`    |      yes | True/false for send the message silently. iOS users and web users will not receive a notification, Android users will receive a notification with no sound. Defaults to False. |
| `disable_web_page_preview`|      yes | True/false for disable link previews for links in the message. |

> | `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resize the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
> | `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hide the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resizing the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
| `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hiding the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |
```

| `disable_notification`     |      yes | True/false for send the message silently. iOS users and web users will not receive a notification, Android users will receive a notification with no sound. Defaults to False. |
| `verify_ssl`              |      yes | True/false for checking the SSL certificate of the server for HTTPS URLs. Defaults to True. |
| `timeout`                 |      yes | Timeout for sending photo in seconds. Will help with timeout errors (poor internet connection, etc) |

> | `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resize the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
> | `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hide the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resizing the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
| `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hiding the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |
```

| `disable_notification`    |      yes | True/false to send the message silently. iOS users and web users will not receive a notification. Android users will receive a notification with no sound. Defaults to False. |
| `verify_ssl`              |      yes | True/false for checking the SSL certificate of the server for HTTPS URLs. Defaults to True. |
| `timeout`                 |      yes | Timeout for sending video in seconds. Will help with timeout errors (poor internet connection, etc) |

> | `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resize the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
> | `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hide the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resizing the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
| `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hiding the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |
```

| `disable_notification`    |      yes | True/false to send the message silently. iOS users and web users will not receive a notification. Android users will receive a notification with no sound. Defaults to False. |
| `verify_ssl`              |      yes | True/false for checking the SSL certificate of the server for HTTPS URLs. Defaults to True. |
| `timeout`                 |      yes | Timeout for sending video in seconds. Will help with timeout errors (poor internet connection, etc) |

> | `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resize the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
> | `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hide the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resizing the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
| `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hiding the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |
```

| `disable_notification`    |      yes | True/false to send the message silently. iOS users and web users will not receive a notification. Android users will receive a notification with no sound. Defaults to False. |
| `verify_ssl`              |      yes | True/false for checking the SSL certificate of the server for HTTPS URLs. Defaults to True. |
| `timeout`                 |      yes | Timeout for sending voice in seconds. Will help with timeout errors (poor internet connection, etc) |

> | `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resize the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
> | `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hide the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resizing the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
| `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hiding the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |
```

| `disable_notification`     |      yes | True/false for send the message silently. iOS users and web users will not receive a notification, Android users will receive a notification with no sound. Defaults to False. |
| `verify_ssl`              |      yes | True/false for checking the SSL certificate of the server for HTTPS URLs. Defaults to True. |
| `timeout`                 |      yes | Timeout for sending photo in seconds. Will help with timeout errors (poor internet connection, etc) |

> | `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resize the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
> | `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hide the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resizing the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
| `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hiding the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |
```

| `disable_notification`    |      yes | True/false for send the message silently. iOS users and web users will not receive a notification, Android users will receive a notification with no sound. Defaults to False. |
| `verify_ssl`              |      yes | True/false for checking the SSL certificate of the server for HTTPS URLs. Defaults to True. |
| `timeout`                 |      yes | Timeout for sending document in seconds. Will help with timeout errors (poor internet connection, etc) |

> | `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resize the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
> | `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hide the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resizing the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
| `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hiding the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |
```

| `longitude`               |       no | The longitude to send.  |
| `target`                  |      yes | An array of pre-authorized chat_ids or user_ids to send the notification to. Defaults to the first allowed `chat_id`. |
| `disable_notification`    |      yes | True/false for send the message silently. iOS users and web users will not receive a notification, Android users will receive a notification with no sound. Defaults to False. |

> | `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resize the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
> | `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hide the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resize_keyboard`         |      yes | True/false for resizing the keyboard vertically for optimal fit. Defaults to False. |
| `one_time_keyboard`       |      yes | True/false for hiding the keyboard as soon as it’s been used. The keyboard will still be available, but clients will automatically display the usual letter-keyboard in the chat - the user can press a special button in the input field to see the custom keyboard again. Defaults to False. |
```
